# Kickstart your SPA with this angular / .net core template <!-- omit in toc -->

- [Overview](#overview)
- [Features](#features)
- [Setup](#setup)
- [Running the application](#running-the-application)
- [Organizing Files and Folders by Feature](#organizing-files-and-folders-by-feature)
  - [Angular](#angular)
  - [Api](#api)
- [State Management with RxJs Observables](#state-management-with-rxjs-observables)
- [TypeGen](#typegen)
- [Services / Endpoints](#services--endpoints)
- [Recommended Extensions for VS Code](#recommended-extensions-for-vs-code)

## Overview

When it's time to start a new project you're faced with the same decisions time and time again: What stack should I use, what libraries will I be utilizing, how will I structure the application? Like us, you may start digging through old projects and code to find how you set up some initial boilerplate (DB Connections, Authentication, Localization, etc…). This is a great solution if you're a single developer or on a small team, but what if you no longer have access to the code? Or maybe you're on a larger team and are not the only one responsible for setting up the project. This is where code consistency starts to fall apart.

That's why we decided to create a starter template. With it, we are set up with the tools and boilerplate to get things rolling as quickly as possible. Not only does this save us time but it also helps to keep the team moving in the same direction. We spend less time doing the same things again and again, which runs the risk of deviating from our common practices, and more time building awesome applications.

## Features

Our template is not meant to impose strict rules and dampen creativity. It is built in a way that is clean and modular. Allowing you to pick and choose the features you want to keep while ignoring the ones you don't. Some of the features we have added (so far) include:

- State Management with RxJs Observables
- Localization
- Data Transfer Models and Autogenerated TypeScript Models
- Folder Structure and Files split by feature
  <!--- Authentication and Authorization
- Data Access -->

## Setup

- Clone repo
- Dotnet restore
- npm i
- Secrets extension

## Running the application

- Run , see how it works

## Organizing Files and Folders by Feature

### Angular

### Api

## State Management with RxJs Observables

## TypeGen

## Services / Endpoints

## Recommended Extensions for VS Code

-
